- Previously on "Imposters"...
- What is all this?
- People call it
an arts commune.
- What a magical place.
- God, I just banged on,
like, 17 doors.
- Eddie?
- It's okay,
he's a friend of mine.
- His real name is Ezra,
not Eddie.
- Is that true?
- Which part?
- You are pathetic.
- Ezra, you have to call
your parents.
Right now.
- Hello? Dad?
- Hey, kid.
It's your old friend,
Mr. Ellis.
Look, Mom and Dad
are fine for now.
It's time for you to come home.
We need to talk.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi, sweetie.
- Josh, get out.
- Ah!
- Looks like we got ourselves
a little reunion.
- What's going on?
- It's time we go back
to the States.
- You're gonna get
your passports next week,
just like I promised you.
- Fine.
I'll figure out another way
to get across.
- Oh, hey, hey.
Hey!
I'm on the hook
for the cost of the passports,
so you guys still owe me money.
- I need to sneak
across the border.
- I'll help you.
- Really?
- But I have two things to say.
One, my name is not Rosa.
It's Sofia.
And two, I get 10% of the ring.
- Okay.
We get ourselves to the border.
The Coyote smuggles us across.
- $10,000 to be wired here
tomorrow.
- You sure it'll come through?
- Let's just say
my family takes
a certain delight
in rescuing me.
- I think I have a way
to find Maddie Jonson.
Come with me.
- I have one condition.
After we find Maddie Jonson,
we take down the doctor too.
- Deal.
- Not to press,
but the place where I work
made such a difference
in my life.
- Why come to a place like this
and make things up?
Why sit here with me and lie?
- You can't leave.
You're just getting started.
- Linda,
what's right in front of me
is a bill I can't afford, okay?
- What if you had a friend that
could help you with that bill?
- Take care of yourself, okay?
¶ ¶
[grunts]
[gasps]
¶ ¶
I need to tell you the truth.
About everything.
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct chatter]
¶ ¶
- Oh, this just feels
out of control, man.
I mean, we don't even know
what Max wants.
- Well, we can't speculate.
- I mean, do you think
Maddie's in on this?
- I don't know, man, but--
- She wouldn't mess with
my family again, would she?
Would she?
- I don't know.
She could.
- And Sofia's, like, conning me
or falling for me
or conning us,
like, what if I'm just a sucker
and Max isn't even
gonna be there--
- Hey. Hey!
Hey! Hey, hey.
[speaks Spanish]
Breathe.
- What are you doing?
Is this a Jules thing?
- Coach Willis, bro.
The key to success
is to visualize.
- Okay.
- Okay, so let's visualize.
Tell me what's gonna happen.
Remember, positive.
- Uh, okay.
Step one.
Jules picks up the wire
transfer from her family.
Step two, Sofia gets
all her ducks in a row,
meets us at the rendezvous
point at 4:30 p.m.
I'm there to greet her.
Mi amor.
She falls into my arms
in a loving and passionate
embrace.
- That's beautiful. Keep going.
- Thanks.
Step three,
we meet Miguel, our coyote.
We pay him
with the Langmore money.
Step four, he sneaks us
across the border,
and everything's beautiful,
and that's it.
- Home sweet f'in' home.
- That actually helped. Thanks.
- De nada. Let's do this.
- All right.
- All right, good game.
- Nope, too much.
- That is
quite an amazing story.
You must be exhausted.
- Never told that
to anybody before.
- I didn't mean
from telling it.
I meant from living it.
It-it must be--
take incredible--
I'm not sure what the word is--
skill to do what you do.
- What? Lie?
- No, no,
I'm not here to judge.
Molly, I'm talking
about the ability
to live your life
as another person
and then having someone fall in
love with you as that person.
I mean, it just--
- It was actually kind of fun
at first.
I was good at it.
Came easy.
I knew exactly
what I had to do.
- How did you know?
- I... studied each person,
figured out what it was
they needed from me,
and then it was just a matter
of becoming that person.
- So they would fall in love
with you.
- Mm-hmm.
- But you're pretending...
to be in love
with them too, right?
- Yeah, and that's
the whole ball game, really.
I would have to let myself
fall in love with them
a little bit too.
That's why it's a con.
By loving them, they feel
safe enough to love me,
and then they're hooked,
and then I leave.
- Is it difficult
to fall in love with someone
just a little?
¶ ¶
- There was one person that--
I don't know, if things--
if life was different,
then maybe I could've stayed.
- What do you mean,
"If life was different?"
- It doesn't matter,
that's not how the job works,
and the man I worked for...
- What would happen
if you went to the police
and told them what you told me?
Could you--
- He is smarter
than the police.
And he'd kill me.
- Oh, okay.
That's frightening.
- I don't want to
do this anymore,
but I have no idea
what the next step is.
- You've spent a long time
training yourself
to figure out what everyone
around you needs.
It's now time to figure out
what you need, what you want.
That's what's next.
So, first, stop lying, conning,
whatever you want to call it--
- I'm not lying.
- Well, no, not now.
But it's your first instinct
to analyze
what's in front of you
and then manipulate it,
so, not to be flip,
just cut it out.
- That easy, huh?
- Here.
Put this on your wrist,
and if you're gonna lie,
snap it.
Big lie, little lie,
it really doesn't matter.
- You're joking, right?
- Well, it may seem silly,
but it'll make you conscious
of what has been unconscious
for you
for a very long time.
Just-just try it.
- Okay.
¶ ¶
- And the coyote's name?
- Miguel,
and you'll be there by--
- 4:30.
We leave at 5:00.
- And you're doing this
'cause you want to be with me
or for your 10% of...
¶ ¶
- You tell me.
- Oh, shit, I honestly
don't even care anymore.
- Everything's gonna be fine
with your family.
You will see.
Make sure you have
your wallet with you.
- I always have my wallet--
- So easy to take
when I'm kissing you,
Baby Dog Eyes.
- You're the devil.
I love it.
You better go.
Hurry.
- I'm going.
- But you don't have your keys.
¶ ¶
- [laughs]
[engine turns over]
¶ ¶
- [speaking Spanish]
- [speaks Spanish]
- Oh, shit.
[speaking Spanish]
- Stop talking, Herman.
- Which is it?
Talk? No talk? What?
- Okay, uh...
[speaks indistinctly]
Contracts.
My contacts, you know?
They're a little
on the gray side,
you know,
but I'm here to help you.
- Hey, Herman.
- What?
- Look at this.
Wanted by the FBI, all three.
- No shit?
- Nice job.
- Well, gracias.
¶ ¶
Hey!
Hey, there's only, like,
400 bucks here!
Come on!
- What's the secret
to these eggs, Marsha?
- Butter.
Lots of butter.
- You [bleep] kidding me?
- Josh.
- Joshua, please.
- I understand
you took a vacation.
- We cut it short.
- Oh.
- Are you gonna kill us?
- You gonna eat that toast?
- Are you gonna kill Ezra?
- Oh, my God! Don't!
- Josh, please, shut up.
- Jesus, I mean,
it's a nice life you guys got,
and you're sick.
You're both really sick.
- Oh!
I'll-I'll get something--
- Sit down.
Clean it up!
- No.
- Yes.
- Joshy, just do it.
- God damn it, Josh.
Clean it up!
Come on, son.
- Arthur, you used to be
a whiskey man.
Still true?
- I like whiskey, yes.
- Show me where you keep 'em.
- I don't think that I should--
- I'm not asking.
Slow and steady, Sal, huh?
- Is my son in danger?
- Yeah, he is.
This whole thing
has gone sideways,
and now there are some people
who want to find Ezra
before we do,
the FBI maybe,
and some other,
more dangerous people,
but we're really his best
option at this point.
Look, I like Ezra.
He's a good, smart guy,
and I've seen him
under pressure.
You'd be proud.
That's the truth.
- I appreciate that.
- I think our best play here
is a change of scenery,
all right?
Let's get Josh and Sally
away from each other.
Me, you, and Sally,
we'll go to a hotel.
Arthur, I need you
to be on board.
¶ ¶
- Latte for Molly?
- Hey, yeah, that's me.
Thanks.
[clears throat]
- It's a beautiful place.
- Thank you, Detective.
¶ ¶
- Is it just police business
today, Detective Miller,
or can you sneak in a massage?
- All police business,
I'm afraid.
- Right through here.
¶ ¶
- I'm calling about my brother,
Shelly Cohen.
I was wondering if maybe
he was admitted at Cedarville.
- This is Detective Miller.
You're Mr. Cohen's sister?
¶ ¶
- All right, Detectives,
have a seat.
¶ ¶
Someone will be
with you shortly.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Thanks.
- I'm so glad
you changed your mind.
- Look, I'm gonna figure out
a way to pay you back, okay?
- Oh, don't--
stop it.
Don't be ridiculous.
It's my pleasure.
I just want you to stay here
and get the most
out of this place.
- So this is good-bye?
- No. It's farewell.
- I'm glad
you gave it a chance.
- Hey, thank you
for everything.
You have no idea
how helpful you've been.
¶ ¶
- Her room is right over here.
[knocking]
¶ ¶
- Oh, please, come in.
So, what brings you here today?
- I just feel like
I'm doing all the work
in the relationship.
- Is it weird to do couples
therapy for work partners?
- Oh, I've had weirder.
- ¶ Wake up, wake up,
wake up ¶
[man singing]
¶ ¶
- [speaking Spanish]
- Si.
[speaking Spanish]
- Langmore. Julia--
- Langmore.
Lang... more.
- Please be the peyote.
- Hola, darlin'.
Yikes.
You have taken shabby-chic
to the next level.
- What is happening right now?
- Oh, you didn't really think
I was gonna send
the money here?
I'm here to save you!
[laughs]
Again.
¶ ¶
- These boys were married
to Cece before or after you?
- After, but Cece was Alice
and then Ava.
- Did they know
she was lesbian?
- That's not... never mind.
- Don't get crazy, Jules.
There has to be a better way
besides illegally crossing
the border.
We have friends at the embassy
Daddy could call.
- No, we can't make it
all go away
by waving the Langmore wand.
Not everything works that way.
- Ugh, Jules.
- Do not "oh, Jules" me!
We do not have passports.
We are wanted by the FBI.
We are in proper, serious,
proper, trouble.
- The Federal Bureau
of Investigation is after you?
- Yes. And well pronounced.
- Jules!
Ugh. Okay.
I have money.
I can get you
and your felonious friends
across the border.
But you have to agree
to come home.
¶ ¶
- Fine.
- Thank you, Poppy.
- Thank you, Poppy!
Thanks!
- Oh, you're so cute
when you're mad.
Couldn't you have
gotten stranded
in the Maldives or something?
- Listen, uh, I had to promise
Sofia 10% of the ring
to get her to help us.
- What?
- Yeah.
- No, dude, absolutely not.
That is our nest egg.
I can't believe you would
even think that that is okay--
- Out of my end, okay?
Jesus.
- Oh. Okay, cool.
- Yeah, in case it came up,
I didn't want you to be...
you about it.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Ah, here she is.
- Yo, guess what this guy
promised
his totally shady girlfriend!
- Okay, you made it
by, like, two minutes.
- Guys, listen.
- Do you have the money?
- Yes. And no.
- Do the "no" part.
- My sister has it.
- Your what?
- It's just so like her, okay?
Just don't give her
the satisfaction.
[swanky jazz music]
¶ ¶
Okay, don't freak out.
My family is super overbearing.
- Hi, have we met?
- Mm...
- Arizona State maybe?
- Mm.
- Richard Evans.
- Poppy Langmore.
- Pleasure.
- Is that our ride?
- You try telling her no.
- What are you waiting for?
Andiamo!
¶ ¶
- Okay, favorite movie?
- "Breakfast at Tiffany's."
- "You can always tell
what kind of a person
a man thinks you are
by the earrings he gives you."
- Don't really strike me
as the Audrey Hepburn type.
- Ah, a woman I know,
it was her favorite too.
We watched it a lot.
- Cool.
- Yeah. College?
- Princeton.
- And you majored in--
both: Cold detachment.
- Le Labo Vanille 44,
exclusive to Colette in Paris,
where you visit every year
in the spring.
- Okay, seriously?
Um, how much did you tell
this weirdo about me?
- Oh...
We've met before.
You're my ex-wife.
She's Alice.
- Wait, wait, wait.
- Seriously.
Maddie was with you
before she was with me.
How much time did you spend
with Maddie--
uh, Cece, Jules' wife?
- Well, as little as possible,
but more than enough.
Thank you.
- Maddie was impersonating
Poppy to become Alice.
She was, like,
doing a version of her.
- Oh, dude, God.
- Holy shit.
- She said "andiamo"
all the time.
"Dinner time, andiamo.
'Downton Abbey' time, andiamo.
I need you inside of me,
andiamo."
This is the actual Alice.
- Except I'm actually rich.
- Except she's actually rich.
- She's not Alice
'cause Alice doesn't exist.
This is super unhealthy, dude.
- Oh, yeah, let's go put
our lives in the hands
of the con artist
you're screwing
that looks just like Ava.
- What? No!
No, she has much lighter eyes.
- Dude.
- Okay, you know what?
Ignore them.
Why don't you tell me
more about this Alice?
- Yo, Poppy, how's Lazslo?
- Same.
Sends his regards.
I'm married.
Barely.
- Tow and Go.
How can I help you?
- Oh, my God, hi!
My car broke down
in the middle of route 63,
Elgin exit,
and I need a tow truck
and help and--
- Okay, we'll send a tow
to get you soon.
- Oh, my gosh, thank you.
¶ ¶
Eeny, meeny, miny...
Moe.
¶ ¶
Thanks for nothing.
And I mean, they've been
married for 40 years.
Can you even imagine?
And it's like,
I love him so much,
but if I don't make it
to the surgery tomorrow,
my mom will just freak out
on me, you know?
Ugh. Your parents alive?
- Uh, yeah, well, kind of.
My daddy and I don't
really get along--
- Ugh, that's exactly
what I'm talking about.
It's like, my mom
is always up my ass.
Like, literally up my ass.
Ugh, you know?
- Yeah.
I guess I do, I mean--
- I swear, if I don't
make it there in time before--
- Watch yourself.
- Oh.
Sorry.
Oh, yay!
- I don't like you
leaving with them.
- This is almost over.
I'm gonna protect our son.
Both our sons.
- What the hell
are you doing, Dad?
- I don't want you
going anywhere.
Don't do anything,
and this is all gonna be
just fine.
Meyn oytser.
I love you.
- I love you.
- Unreal, man.
Give me the key
so I can unhook myself, please.
- Stop talking, Joshua.
- No, I cannot pick you up
at the airport
because my car broke down.
Are you not listening to me?
How bad is it?
- You're missing
a whole hose here.
- Well, how does that
even happen?
- I'm not so sure.
- Okay, Mom.
I-I gotta call you back.
- Parts and labor,
you're looking at
at least a thousand dollars.
- Okay, yeah, that's fine.
I can pay you in cash
if that's okay.
Yeah? Great.
All right.
How soon do you think
it can be ready?
- Well, I haven't got
the hybrid parts here,
but if I order them on rush,
they'll be here in 48 hours.
- Forty-eight... what?
Forty-eight hours?
No. No, no, no.
I have to be there for my dad's
surgery by tomorrow morning.
- I know.
- How am I gonna
get to Chicago?
Do you have, like, a rental car
or, like, an Uber?
- Who?
- God.
Fine, I'll-I'll figure
something out.
- I wish there was something...
- I just--
I just really
need to get there.
- You know, I love this truck.
- Yeah, and I love my car.
And I love my money.
You think I would give you
my money and my car
for this piece of junk?
I'm sorry, I--
no offense.
[upbeat music]
You're a prince, you know that?
I will be back tomorrow.
¶ ¶
- The seekers followed
the song of their hearts.
Now they met
under the desert night sky
with the blessed goddess,
Artemis,
winking down on their naked--
- Okay, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
- When did you turn
into a prude?
- A prude?
Maybe I'm just not comfortable
listening to porn with--
- It is not porn.
It's romance.
- With my grandmother.
- Grandmother?
- Yeah, you know,
if I turn around now,
I can probably get you back
in time for bingo.
- Son, if I were
your grandmother,
I would've schooled you
about this ridiculous
penis truck years ago.
- This is a very sensible
family vehicle, thank you.
- Whatever, Patrick.
Mm? 12 years.
I like Erica, and I like
the two of you together.
- Just stopped working.
Her career took off,
and she's an impressive woman,
incredible mother.
She does it all.
But we... I don't know.
- I do.
She's a hot shot,
but you wanted to be
king of the castle.
- All right, I think I'm good
on the amateur psychiatry hour.
- You know
making you feel special
was part of
Maddie Jonson's con, right?
- My relationship with Maddie
didn't have anything to do
with me and Erika.
That happened way before--
- Your relationship
with Maddie,
you actually thought
it was real.
Let me ask you something.
If you were stupid enough
to think that then,
please tell me you're not
stupid enough to think it now.
Patrick, I warned you when
you began this detail that--
[upbeat pop music]
Oh, really?
It's like that?
- I'm-I'm sorry, what?
- Uh-huh.
¶ ¶
- So, what can you tell me
about me,
since we were married and all?
- You smile at someone,
they feel like
they can do anything.
At least that's how it was
with me.
- That's nice.
I hope you don't think
I'm being too forward,
but, um, how were we in bed?
Lovely.
Gracias.
- Gracias.
Do you want to hear
about your plans
to make me a senator?
- Why, yes, I do.
- Everything's gonna be okay.
Your family's gonna be okay.
Max would never...
- I'm sorry I was, uh,
secretive about Sofia.
I think it felt good
to have something
that was, uh, just mine,
you know?
- I get it.
I found something that feels
like it's just mine too.
Mexico. All of it.
It's odd, you know?
I feel like I'm myself here,
like I've come home to a place
I've always known.
- I think you should stay.
- After your family's safe,
I can come back.
- Except it never works
that way, does it?
I mean, life,
it keeps taking you forward.
You should stay.
- I want to help you.
- It helps me to know
that at least some of
the people I love are safe.
And happy.
Good. It's settled.
- I guess we both fell in love.
- Mm-hmm.
- Don't tell Poppy, though.
The plan is that she gives us
the money and drags me back
to Greenwich, okay?
- None of my business.
- I love you, man.
- Yeah. Yeah, you too.
- Maddie Jonson is not
who you think she is.
Hasn't been
for quite some time.
I know this is probably
difficult for you to hear.
- She has not now or ever
worked for UNICEF
or lived in the Houston area
as far as we know.
I'm sorry to inform you,
she is wanted currently
by the FBI for her role
in a number of conspiracies
to commit fraud.
- Mrs. Jonson, your daughter
is a professional con artist,
and unless we find her,
her life is
most definitely in danger.
- There is no UNICEF office
in Barcelona.
She sent me a postcard
from there about her job.
I've always suspected
that Maddie was lying
about her life.
- And you never confronted her
about it?
- If my daughter wanted
to talk to me honestly,
I would be here to listen.
- Well, maybe she needed
you to step--
- Mrs. Jonson, please know
that we all have the same goal:
to keep your daughter safe.
Can you think of any
of Maddie's friends
we might talk to?
- She never really
kept in touch
with anyone from here
that I know of.
She's been gone a long time.
- She ever mention
any marriages?
- No, of course not.
She's never been married.
- Wouldn't be so sure
about that.
What about boyfriends?
Girlfriends?
Any intimate relationships
from here or anywhere else?
- I really couldn't say.
- You couldn't, or you won't?
- I couldn't
because she didn't mention it,
and if she had, I'm not sure
that I would tell you.
- Why is that?
- You're rude.
- All right.
I'm just simply trying
to find--
- Do you have children?
- Yes, I do, two little ones.
Thank you.
- And do you know their
every thought and feeling?
- No, ma'am, I don't.
- Mm-hmm.
- However, I'd like to think
that I'd have
some sort of inkling
if they turned into
professional criminals--
- Agent,
would you give us a few moments
to talk, please,
mother to mother?
- Sure.
Knock yourselves out.
- Sorry about that.
We've had a long drive.
- And he's arrogant.
¶ ¶
- ¶ I had my chance
and I let it go ¶
¶ I had my chance
¶ Well, if I ever have myself
another chance like that ¶
¶ I'm gonna grab it
and I won't look back ¶
¶ I'm gonna grab it ¶
¶ And I won't look back ¶
¶ ¶
[cell phone vibrating]
- Yeah?
- How you doing, Maxy?
¶ ¶
- I'm alive.
- Me too.
- I guess you're out
of options, huh?
- How's that?
- Why are you calling me?
- Can't I reach out
to my old mentor?
- Don't shit a shitter, kid.
- Got a little visit
from Mr. Shelly Cohen.
Was he really married to Lenny?
- Goes to show you
that there's someone
for everyone.
- What does the doctor want?
How angry is he?
- How about how angry am I?
You hung me out to dry with
a bag of pricks, you ingrate,
and after all I taught you,
you had the balls--
- You sold out Sally.
How about you don't
lecture me about loyalty?
- I did what I thought
was right,
but I regret it... every day.
That's the truth.
¶ ¶
- Max...
- Yeah, kid?
- How bad is it?
Did you talk to him?
- Yeah, I talked to him.
He's just looking
for some information.
And also, he's decided
to broaden the places
where he's putting pressure.
- What does that mean?
- That means I'm sitting
next to Arthur Bloom.
- You're doing what?
- Oh, no, no.
Look, he's safe.
Your family is safe,
but it's time for you
to come in and see the doctor.
Look, I did it,
and I'm still breathing.
We can reach out to him
together
if that makes you feel better,
so where you calling from?
¶ ¶
Hello?
Guess who that was?
¶ ¶
- You ever done this before?
- Let's just say
I don't have much practice.
- So go ahead.
You don't want to jerk.
You want to squeeze
nice and easy,
and as you line up--
That wasn't terrible.
- I'll take it.
- There are some very bad
people after your daughter.
Now, I can protect her.
First, I gotta find her.
- I wish I had more to tell.
I don't.
- We appreciate your time.
I'm sure this couldn't
have been easy.
- It's not.
- Anything you can think of,
anything at all, please call.
I want to find her before
she gets hurt, Margaret.
- So let me get this straight.
You didn't press her at all?
- I didn't bully her
if that's what you mean.
- Agent Cook, she was
clearly holding out on us.
I mean--
you know, it doesn't matter.
I'm just gonna get creative.
I'll get a warrant.
I'll drag her in.
- Okay.
You will do no such thing.
Are you always this overzealous
in the field,
or is this because
this is personal for you?
You know what your problem is?
- No, please, enlighten me.
- Did you ever see
"The French Connection"?
You need to be a little bit
more like Popeye Doyle.
- My problem is a lack
of a pork pie hat?
- Real police work
is in the waiting.
It's about patience.
So now we're Popeye Doyle,
waiting in the cold,
drinking coffee.
- Yeah.
You know
at the end of that movie,
the bad guy got away, right?
- Don't you smart-talk me,
you cocky mama's boy.
You want my help or not?
Hmm?
- Yes, I want--
I need your help.
- Good.
So we wait to see
if Mrs. Jonson reaches out.
In the meantime,
move down to the next thing
on our list.
- Hmm. Ezra Bloom.
[indistinct chatter]
¶ ¶
- Okay, Sofia gets here
in an hour and 32 minutes.
- Not exactly
what you visualized?
- Not exactly.
[upbeat hip-hop music]
[woman singing]
¶ ¶
[indistinct chatter]
- So if you're gonna
live here now,
does that make you,
like, Mexican?
- Hey, I haven't told
my sister yet,
and no,
that's not how it works.
- I'm kidding.
So this is our last
meal together, huh?
Well, hey, promise me
a postcard every week, okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- "Dear Rich...
Life's just not the same
without you around."
- "I can actually
hear myself think.
Wish you were here."
- To Jules.
- Guys.
$5 for all of it.
- Mm!
- Oh, yes, is that my taco?
- Gracias.
Hey, Poppy, have you ever
been to Scottsdale?
This time of year,
the sunsets are incredible.
- May you be in heaven
a full half-hour
before the devil
knows you're dead.
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
- Okay, guys, we gotta go.
Gotta go now.
Come on!
¶ ¶
[man shouting]
[Spanish police radio chatter]
¶ ¶
[man speaking indistinctly
over loudspeaker]
- All right, let's go.
¶ ¶
- [speaks indistinctly]
- What did I step in?
- Okay, over there.
[both speaking Spanish]
- Hey, guys, that's him.
That's him.
- Who? That guy?
- Yeah.
Hola, Miguel?
- No, no, no, no, no.
We don't have time.
We have to go right now.
[man speaking indistinctly
over loudspeaker]
- We don't have time for this.
[all speaking at once]
- Can you explain to him,
please, that we don't--
- Gracias.
Just wait. He's okay.
- [whistles]
Okay?
- Oh, shit.
Hide!
Rápido! Vámonos!
- Oh, shit, okay.
- Come on.
- Rápido! Rápido!
- Hey, I need to
get this to Sofia.
I can't let her think
I burned her.
- I'm not going.
- Go, go, go!
We're just hiding.
- Thank you.
- I'll hide with Poppy.
- Not a chance.
- This is all your fault.
- Okay!
- Come on, come on, come on.
- Gross.
[man speaking indistinctly
over loudspeaker]
- [speaking Spanish]
- Um, I think we're moving.
Oh, my God, we are moving.
- I'm not supposed to
be going!
- Neither am I!
[Howling Bells'
"I'm Not Afraid"]
¶ ¶
- [speaks Spanish]
- Gracias.
- ¶ I've been where... ¶
- [speaks Spanish]
- ¶ I've been where the trees
have all died ¶
¶ I've been where
there's no pathway or door ¶
¶ And I'm not afraid anymore ¶
¶ ¶
¶ Been in a place
where no one believes ¶
¶ The things that I said
or the vision I'd see ¶
¶ So I had to protect
my life ¶
¶ And not be afraid anymore ¶
¶ ¶
¶ Fear is not real
unless you want it to be ¶
¶ At a level of yourself ¶
¶ It serves some need ¶
¶ You can let it go
or hold on till the end ¶
¶ It's all up to you,
my friend ¶
¶ ¶
¶ I've been where
the sun don't shine ¶
¶ I've been where the trees
have all died ¶
¶ I've been where
there's no pathway or door ¶